we're on endcap gate bunker on this fog
whore of the old course and the
background you'll see some golf going on
Rona voters that say new courses playing
at the moment and no golf on the old
course to snow with clothes this is our
maintenance culture this week and so
we've been carrying out some sort of
maintenance tasks on the golf course so
as I said we're in cap gate bunker and
what we today as this little sucker will
go in here this is a camera position
which we installed into the bunker face
through the one from one set so the idea
of that says that they'd be on the
championship they'll install a small
camera in here so that any player visits
this bunker they'll be able to get the
images of them trying to get bit that
the ball bucket previous to the last
Open Championship we assisted in the
installation of our major fiber optic
cabling great run the perimeter of the
golf course so the idea of that is that
you know that we've tough end to the
fiber optic cable fiber optic cable will
then run underground through doctor
systems coming out at the other end so
then we'll have minimal cables at
Wireless office and not minimal cables
will then tap end to it to the cameras
on the tower to project images are in
the world there's a moment where I
thought we can mere infrastructure has
been ongoing know for just over one
month you know so the grandstand gold is
progressing well just probably in the
last week or so we've been starting to
create the scoreboards which will be
deadly to scoreboards which is a new
thing for us here at Schneider this is
gonna be a foster team we're gonna have
these digital scoreboards
John wick return we're gonna be rolling
with in the region of a bit 66 green
people you know to get the golf course
you know you know we start at full fare
in Mallen hopefully have that all done
by about seven eight holes up on Kawika
and 1990 and I remember being up round
with 18 wins when the next fall's or
hold that putt to win the championships
25 years ago probably never thought as a
young young Winky Patil that I would be
standing here though and prepare them
for my second Open Championship but it
wasn't it was certainly in the back of
my mind that you know this would be
something that I would quite like to do
so and real lucky understand unless
possession and able idea so it was great
to involved in a golf course that it has
been scrutinized then it has been held
in such high regard not only here than
in Scotland that also I don't know what
with this so it's a challenge but it's a
challenge I enjoy
I'm John Steele was born and brought up
in Sint Andrews spent on my boyhood
years and there my school years here
when I was 15 a layer by as a school
summer job and also for university jobs
I was fortunate enough to be given an
opportunity to work on the green stuff
it's the founders absolutely everything
that we did was pedestrian there was no
such thing as a radio and more orator Oh
everything was done by walking in 1970 I
was doing my apprenticeship there were
the form of solicitors in Dundee and I
took time off I took vacation to quality
for two weeks before the Open
Championship they allowed me to work
here on the week before and the week of
the Open Championship that of course
proved to be the infamous missed by dogs
and oh and that day on that woman the
green was cut by myself although I was
scheduled to go back to my normal
apprenticeship job on the Monday I had -
shall we see escape from my employment
and I continued to work for the Monday
when obviously there's a playoff
with the benefit of what am i used to
call maturity I would consider that very
sentimental about sometimes and like
most things in life didn't appreciate
the opportunity that was there for me
and sometimes ruse and when I reflect on
it no those a bit of my heart that
really misses being here and a bit of my
heart that really like to be back and be
conjoined again with sometimes
you